Add blogpost for HLS 2.14 (#32)
haskell/blog.haskell.org: content/hls-2.14.0.0/index.md

+++
title = "Haskell Language Server 2.14.0.0 release"
date = 2026-04-30
[taxonomies]
authors = ["VeryMilkyJoe"]
categories = ["HLS"]
tags = ["Release"]
+++

> The HLS team is excited to announce the `2.14.0.0` Haskell Language Server release!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HLS team is excited to announce the `2.14.0.0` Haskell Language Server release!

You can install it today with GHCup: `$ ghcup install hls --set 2.14.0.0`
```

## Features

> This new HLS version adds support for `ExplicitLevelImports` which were added in GHC 9.14.1 in [#4846](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/pull/4846).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new HLS version adds support for the [`ExplicitLevelImports`](https://downloads.haskell.org/ghc/latest/docs/users_guide/exts/template_haskell.html#extension-ExplicitLevelImports) language extension, which was added in GHC 9.14.1 in [#4846](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/pull/4846).
```
